Fix OSError in tmpdir on emscripten due to missing getuid() (#10766)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/10765.bugfix.rst

> Fix temp_path fixture always raising OSError on emscripten due to missing getuid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed :fixture:`temp_path` fixture always raising :class:`OSError` on ``emscripten`` platform due to missing :func:`os.getuid`.
```

> Fixed :fixture:`temp_path` fixture always raising :class:`OSError` on ``emscripten`` platform due to missing :func:`os.getuid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed :fixture:`tmp_path` fixture always raising :class:`OSError` on ``emscripten`` platform due to missing :func:`os.getuid`.
```
